Week 1- update

Revieweing Capturing Mechanism Subsytem
Worked with team and decided to use rectangular net rope instead of net launcher

Week 2- update

Worked on PCB design for ultrasonic sensors

Week 3- Update

Ordered PCB Prototype boards
Start to look at circuit analysis to figure out how to wire Raspberry Pi points with PCB protoypes 


Week 4- Update

Soldered 4 sensors to Raspberry Pi sensors
Looked into Google cloud based image processing, made google cloud account

Week 5- Update 

Integrating Raspberry Pi ultrasonic sensors with drone system

Week 6- Update

Google cloud based image processing with raspberry pi and it's camera did not quite work to our expectations.
Followed the convention of image processing, using standard machine learning libraries and classifying them with python source codes. 

Week 7- Update

Image processing works for drones
I can do real time detection from my computer camera or upload any video in the code for drone detection
Test Validation Resultis: Drone detetction works for still images and moving drones.

Week 8 - Update

Integrated image processing on Raspberry Pi. Worked on increasing the FPS (Frames per second) of the camera on raspberry pi with the help of intel GPU called compute neural stick 2. 

Week 9 - Update

Worked on object tracking for the autonmous drone to track multiple drone by assigning multiple unique ID's. 

Week 10 - Update 

Worked on getting the distance output from the autonomous drone to the target drone using triangular similarity method with OpenCV and Python. This distance will be given to the flight controller so that it moves that anount of distance towards the target drone. 

Week 11- Update

Integration between Raspberry Pi and the Pixhawk Flight controller

Week 12- Update

1. Integration between Image processing and Ultrasonic Distance Sensor. If drone reaches a specific distance to the target drone, 
,autonomous drone goes forward to trap the target drone under the net. 

2. drone Flight Tests to see image processing during flight. 

Week 13- Update

Final Presentation

Week 14- Update

Flight Tests to improve accuracy of results and target drone precision

Week 15- Update

Final Demonstration

Week 16- Update

Final Report




